bumped to 4.3.0 release (#498)
fauna/faunadb-js: CHANGELOG.md

## 4.3.0

> - Implements Client#close method, allows Infinity for "http2SessionIdleTime" parameter

Reviewer: How is `Infinity` useful? The maximum transaction time is 10 minutes. Waiting any longer than that is just waiting because you can.

Reviewer 2: @faunaee Hi, Ewan! This one is related to the HTTP/2 session lifetime. The `Infinity` value means that the user is responsible for terminating the fauna `Client` instance and it won't be terminated automatically. Check [this PR](https://github.com/fauna/faunadb-js/pull/471/files#diff-b335630551682c19a781afebcf4d07bf978fb1f8ac04c6bf87428ed5106870f5R245) for more details

Reviewer: Thanks @tigger9flow ! That makes sense.

> - Implements Client#close method, allows Infinity for "http2SessionIdleTime" parameter

Reviewer: What syntax is `Client#close`? Shouldn't this be `Client.close()` ?

Reviewer 2: @faunaee Usually, the `#` sign indicates that this is an instance method, not a static one

Author: yes, you are right, I fixed it to `Client.close()`

Reviewer: 👌 Thanks! Let's keep `Client#close`.

Author: ok, sure 👍

- Adds missed tests for FQL queries
- Fixes cross-platform global object
- Notifies about new package version and shows release notes on install
- Exposes parseJSON from utils

> - Adds `ngram` to special cases for snake_case to CamelCase conversion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds `NGram` to special cases for snake_case to CamelCase conversion
```

Author: sure, I've fixed it,
thanks a lot for a thorough review 👍

- Adds load tests

> - Automatically create jira ticket on github issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Automatically create Jira ticket on GitHub issue
```

Author: fixed, thanks

> - Fixes undefined value in let return an empty object

Reviewer: I'm having trouble parsing what this means. Is this a fix for the return value from calling `Let`?

Author: Yes, it looks like it is:
https://github.com/fauna/faunadb-js/pull/477
does this sound better? `Fixes return value from calling Let if a key is set to undefined`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes handling of `Let` bindings when a key's value is undefined
```

Author: cool, thanks

> - Fixes object with space in key to valid json

Reviewer: I'm guessing that you might mean something more like this:

```suggestion
- Fixes JSON parsing of field names containing spaces
```

If my guess is incorrect, where is the fix? I can take a look and craft a more accurate description.

Author: Here is the fix: https://github.com/fauna/faunadb-js/pull/475
You are correct

> - Updates github link to .io instead of .com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updates GitHub link to .io instead of .com
```

Where does the GitHub link appear?

Author: fixed, thanks

> - Remaps 429 HTTP error to TooManyRequests error type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remaps 429 HTTP error to `TooManyRequests` error type
```

Author: fixed, thanks
